this is the CA Co Sarina designed by BMW
Starbucks in CA go
this is a double filter also comes with
a single and this four pots already use
it without those here we go
also comes with the temperature gauge
which is nice a lot of machine don't
have that
nice shot of espresso
then I'm gonna have my steam daughter
go ahead of Prime and just do this
myself I like a lot of foam
so this is our other features on the
Seiko see you know this is the drip tray
this comes off comes out for easy
cleaning you have a little bit of
Express on there from the demonstration
has a nice gauge for the temperature and
a single shot double shock this is the
water reservoir put it off with a nice
handle holds quite a bit of water shoe
fits perfectly underneath